what's the average temperature in las vegas
Las Vegas: Annual Weather Averages. July is the hottest month in Las Vegas with an average temperature of 34°C (92°F) and the coldest is December at 8°C (46°F) with the most daily sunshine hours at 13 in August. The wettest month is August with an average of 14mm of rain. Loading weather data. Please wait….


where is flood company located
Flood Paint Products. The Flood brand has served the Paint Industry for more than 160 years. Established in Cleveland, Ohio in 1841 as a paint contracting firm, The Flood Company quickly achieved a reputation for outstanding quality and craftsmanship. Back then, services included lettering canal barges for $2.50 a boat, decorating buggies for $11, or a wagon for half that much.


what is the longest river

The longest river as per its length from the source to its mouth is Nile river of Africa. It is 6,853 km (4,258 miles) long. Nile is still the longest river with the length of 4180 miles(approx). Amazon is the 2nd longest river at 3912 miles(approx).


what is the cleanest animal

Pigs are actually smart animals. And despite popular notion, pigs are one of the cleanest animals around if they are given a choice. If you provide them with enough space, they will make sure to defecate in an area far from its dining and living spaces.


what is velocity

Velocity is defined as a vector measurement of the rate and direction of motion or, in simpler terms, the rate and direction of the change in the position of an object. The scalar (absolute value) magnitude of the velocity vector is the speed of the motion. In calculus terms, velocity is the first derivative of position with respect to time.


how much money will americans spend for easter


Americans will spend a record $18.4 billion on Easter this year. The National Retail Federation, in its annual Easter forecast, said that number is 6% larger than the $17.3 billion spent in 2016. The organization credits the late Easter for driving spending. Most consumers have almost an entire month to shop for Easter this year, and by the time the holiday comes the weather should be significantly warmer than last Easter, said Matthew Shay, NRF president and CEO.



